for me those who like the athens guys third person this spring
because today we bring images and details of what happens a new
title very similar to days as a player what we will see below coop
images may well also of course beltrán let's see it
consensus according to their own tourism and centers
its emission
pleasures
from gender studies pueg de japan
quantum theory reaches us a very interesting title for lovers of
unique design without many novelties that will offer the sector quantum theory arrives
as an oriental blessing to the popular okur newspaper afterwards if we look closely
at the base of the game we can find very similar elements
the truth this trailer has seemed quite interesting but I tell you that
the news to the sector are not too many although we can qualify it
of one more title to have an entertaining evening say that quantum theory yes
this time in modeling the characters and the scenarios
dark and shuddering environments is what we will find in it
the player who will predominate over the campaign
melee with bloody scenes a lot of shots
and some platforms are the base of the continent
a game that is not yet known much and will arrive for playstation 3 and xbox
present in a few days
good friends until our program today I hope you liked the
information the images of the game see you in a next miku health
do not forget to share the 10 30 tickets
on social networks since sharing indicating on any of the networks
social services